宣传文本：

【感谢智视AR小伙伴们的支持和信任。
你们期待的“小智精灵”iOS版终于上线啦！】

thanks the friends of EST AR for theirs supporting and trust.
The iOS version of the EST-elfin that you are looking forword to has finally come online.

描述：description

【“小智精灵”可遥控由智视研发的AR设备，手机操控可替代头部追踪和AR设备交互。使用手机键盘快速在AR设备中进行文本输入。辅助AR设备下载和卸载更多应用。

In addition to head tracking, the EST-elfin APP control is also a good choice for the interactive mode of the AR device.
You can telecontrol the EST AR glasses with the EST-elfin.  
You can quickly input the chinese text into the AR device with the keyboard of EST-elfin APP.
You can easily download, install and uninstall more Apps with it.

“小智精灵”为您提供：
EST-elfin can offer you :

    * 一键连接AR，方便快速  one-click connection 
        开启手机蓝牙以及AR设备蓝牙，首次连接只需一步。后续自动识别您的AR设备并连接。
		Turn on the bluetooth of the phone and the bluetooth of the AR device.
		The first connection between the two bluetooth requires only one step.
		After that the APP can automatically identify your AR device and connect it.

    * 遥控AR，随心所欲   remote-controll
        连接AR设备成功，自动进入遥控状态，上、下、左、右、OK（确定）键任由操控。
		After successfully connecting the AR device, it is in the remote-controlled mode.
		The virtual keys on the app (up down left right) can be manipulated freely.

    * 文本输入，快人一步  fastly input text 
        使用手机键盘快速输入文本、地址、密码等操作。辅助AR设备，实时编辑文本信息。
		By using the keyboard of this APP can fastly input the text, address, password and so on .
		Help the user to edit the text info on AR device in real time.
		

    * 游戏手柄，畅爽淋漓   game controller
        仿真手柄的界面设计，从此掌控游戏如此简单。
		The UI of this APP designed to be a game controller style. Manipulating game is so easy.

    * 设备连网，连网利器   The efficient tool to connect to the internet 
        开启手机WiFi或热点，发送WiFi或热点密码即可让您的AR设备连上网络。
		Turn on the WIF or hotspot, then send the password of WIFI or hotspot to the AR device, let it connect to the internet.

    * AR应用市场，你的应用你做主   AR APP store
        您的AR应用管理器，管理AR设备中的应用。下载、安装、卸载只需一键操作。
		The App manager for the AR device.
		Whether to download, install, or uninstall app, all you need is a one-click operation.

    * 不仅于此，更多小惊喜等着你去发现
	  More than these, more surprises waitting for you to find out.

要求：demand

    * 运行iOS 8.0或更高版本的iOS设备      IOS 8.0 and above 
    * 通过蓝牙连接“智视AR”设备            Connect to EST AR device via bluetooth
    * 兼容智视AR 1代、智视AR 2代】        Compatible with EST 1 and EST 2


关键词：keywords

【智视.小智.精灵.小智精灵】
  EST / elfin / EST-elfin